of the total Irish schoolboy population
some 23% or 200,000 children are at risk
of being bullied something must be done
this past summer alone there have been
several shocking news stories about
teenagers and children being teased
bullied and ending up committing suicide
this short film is a reminder and
wake-up call to teenage bullying being a
teenager and trying to forget who you
are is hard even without someone
physically or verbally attacking you
these people need our help we need to
make an end to this and this has to stop
we can't let prejudice and intolerance
defeat these people and take innocent
lives there is help out there there are
hundreds of organizations and helplines
talk to someone without further ado we
present no more bullies dedicated to the
millions of victims of bullying
you
I guarantee that you have enjoyed before
years here we have an extreme
anti-bullying policy in the school I
understand that you had a difficult few
years in your law school but I assure
you that that won't happen here I hope
it won't sir
but if anything does happen which is
unlikely please inform me your class
tutor or your your head all right we
will not tolerate any subscribe
my law school I was the target
bullying constantly happening every day
suffering when the teachers couldn't see
they were so blind I was crumbling in
front of them unable to reach them he
made me feel alone there was no way out
of this rubble I wanted to tell them but
I couldn't even if I had it probably
wouldn't have helped sometimes teachers
make it help but sometimes they make it
worse
sorry I'm late
please
it's hard forgive me don't judge me
take it anymore I want to be free from
this this torture it's consuming me soon
I'll be nothing
can we talk about physical and verbal
abuse that occurred new previous school
what do you want to know well according
to your principal he's taught me that
you're harshly bullied in your previous
school is this correct yeah okay so and
I did call me to say that you would like
to talk to somebody about the bullying
and and you know what we we would be
able to help and so I'm here to listen
to you so would you like to tell your
story
I was in first year none of my primary
school friends that come to secondary
with me so I was all on my own I really
wanted to make some friends and I really
like drama so I thought I would audition
for the play we put on my ear I got the
lead he's like so happy but when I got
there I realized there was this group
and indeed her was this girl called Lucy
and
basically she at first she was really
nice but after a while she started
spreading rumors about me and telling
people I was a lesbian and I wanted to
tell the teachers but I knew they
wouldn't do anything you know like they
just give it to her but nothing would
happen
one day in second year I was in art
class and the teacher was like gone
getting papers or something
I'm Lucy came in and she hit me she on
the head with the book and then I fell
off my chair I know it sounds stupid but
really embarrassing and everyone laughed
at me and stared at me like I grabbed my
sharp hair i unscrewed the blade and I I
cut myself
it was good for me it was not good for
you please don't judge me I didn't what
is that happened to me I wouldn't judge
you and I know you didn't want this to
happen would you like to continue
I wanted to be myself they wouldn't let
me be myself that was my life my own
life they wanted to control it to take
it away from me
and destroy it I hate them because my
life which was supposed to be loved by
me they took it and they hated it
he made me lose myself
they made me hate myself I left the
school because of that I felt like
nobody was going to love me or want me
or need me no it's stupid I felt empty
all the time who's gonna make me feel
good and full and happy all the time I
didn't have anyone nobody wanted to hear
me who was gonna hear me speak nobody
cared
well just letting you know the girls
were spoken to today by your prince well
we have given them detention and they
will be taken to the new bullying
campaign meeting in the school the
school does not tolerate bullying and I
can assure you of that
and I can assure you the principal will
not tolerate bullying in the school what
I would recommend for you is to visit me
every week so you know we can both talk
we don't have to talk about anything
you'd want to talk about but I would say
that I will give you a calendar and
maybe you push and a face are a word and
how you feel the week in school has been
then I would like you to bring that
information to the bullying campaign
meetings and I would like you to report
on anything that has happened to you or
maybe other students in the school a
safe room is also being considered for
the new term next year and and this room
will be fantastic because it will be
staffed by the adults during the day
meaning that you can come at any stage
during the day and when you feel that
you have been targeted by bullying and
also I think that what you have to
realize is that you are stronger than
you think you have explained your story
and told me your story and I sympathize
with you but I will let you know that
times are still changing I want you to
know that I know how you feel and I'm
glad that you taught me your story and I
hope that this has made you feel a bit
better and things are changing times are
still changing and they are may be
progressing bit slower
both bullying will not be tolerated and
the fact that we know will have the
bullying campaign in the school and the
safe room will help things will get
easier
you
you feel true manatee
then you can't see
Oh
the pieces
maybe things
Oh
please you wanna scream and you wanna
bury it
let me say
all the problems
I
won't go eggs
okay
always
always be this way
Oh